# CS-255-T3659-System-Analysis-and-Design-22EW3
Give a brief overview of the DriverPass initiative. What was the name of the client? What kind of system did they want you to create for them? The customer was DriverPass, a startup that wanted to establish a resource to assist individuals pass their driving tests on the first try. They sought to create a system with different tiers of users who could access different kinds of material. In-person training and behind-the-wheel courses with licensed instructors will also be available to users, as well as tests material , an LMS and a way to check their own progress.

What did you excel at the most? Needs of the Business User Interface Requirements is a document. I'm very sure I've described interface requirements for various users, services given, platform, and sorts of interactions. I also built a Gantt chart with a realistic plan of project activities based on prioritizing, dependencies, and time allocation.


What aspect of your work on these papers would you choose to alter if you had the option? What changes would you make? I would definitely have included an LMS system and spoken more about why I picked Linux and added additional information and corrected some of the facts.

How did you understand and incorporate the user's wants into your system design? Why is it critical to think about the demands of the user while designing? I began by attentively reviewing the interview transcript. I jotted down anything they said that I could understand as a deliverable. When I had a complete list, I began to consider if they could be accomplished via software or whether they were external needs. If the demand was external, I would put it on the back burner and concentrate on the ones that I regarded as having an obvious application in the product. Everything else came second. When designing, it's critical to consider the user's wants since you want to construct what was truly asked of you.

How do you go about creating software? What tools or tactics would you employ to study and develop a system in the future? When building software, I attempt to study all of the requirements first and then make a checklist of what I feel are the most important features. Then I attempt to separate the system's objects and their interactions. I sometimes build an outline and use a UML Class Diagram for this, but other times I simply scribble them down before moving on to a process diagram and then returning to a class diagram. After that, I start coding the program after I have a process model and a class diagram.
